Local install: update screenshots, re-order steps, add TLS install (#512)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/tutorials/local-setup.md

Before you begin, you need to have some useful software and tools that are required for things to work.

> Install [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) 8 or later, [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm), [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) or the [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) and [`docker` and `docker-compose`]({{< relref "apps/guides/hosting/requirements#docker" >}}).

Reviewer: This is getting long enough that it may work better as a list of prerequisites with links.

## Implementation Steps

Now that you have the dependent tools and software installed, you are ready to set up your CHT local environment.
 

### 1. Install the Core Framework

> Check out the [cht-core respository](https://github.com/medic/cht-core) to your local machine, either by using the [Github Desktop app](https://desktop.github.com/) or by running the following command in the directory you want to check the code out into: `git clone https://github.com/medic/cht-core.git`. This will create a `cht-core` directory.  

Reviewer: May be better to break up the longer sentence and some related changes:

```suggestion
Check out the [cht-core respository](https://github.com/medic/cht-core) to your local machine. This can be done either by using the [Github Desktop app](https://desktop.github.com/) or by running the following command in the directory where you want the CHT code: `git clone https://github.com/medic/cht-core.git`. Checking out the repo will create a `cht-core` directory.  
```

> Open your terminal or command line and navigate to `cht-core` directory which is where the `docker-compose.yml` file is. Run the command:

Reviewer: Suggested changes, but also consider using terminal or command line (not both) unless you mean two different things:

```suggestion
Open your terminal or command line and navigate to the `cht-core` directory, where you should see the `docker-compose.yml` file. Run the command:
```

Author: agreed! standardized on "terminal"

```shell
docker-compose up
```

{{< figure src="medic-login.png" link="medic-login.png" class="right col-6 col-lg-8" >}}

> Once the command is done running, navigate to [https://localhost](https://localhost) on a Google Chrome browser and login with the default username `medic` and default password `password`. You will get an error "Your connection is not private" (see [screenshot](./privacy.error.png)). Click "Advanced" and then click "Proceed to localhost". This error can be fixed in step 5 below.

Reviewer: I would think you go to a page `in` or `with` a browser... but that might just be me!

```suggestion
Once the command is done running, navigate to [https://localhost](https://localhost) with the Google Chrome browser and login with the default username `medic` and default password `password`. You will get an error "Your connection is not private" (see [screenshot](./privacy.error.png)). Click "Advanced" and then click "Proceed to localhost". This error can be fixed in step 5 below.
```

If you encounter an error `bind: address already in use`, see the [Port Conflicts section]({{< relref "core/guides/docker-setup#port-conflicts" >}}) in our Docker Setup guide.

> This CHT instance is empty and has no data it in it.  While you're free to explore and add your own, in step 3 below we'll upload sample data.  Proceed to step 2 to install `medic-conf` which is neeed to upload the test data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This CHT instance is empty and has no data in it.  While you're free to explore and add your own, in step 3 below we'll upload sample data.  Proceed to step 2 to install `medic-conf` which is needed to upload the test data.
```

> This CHT instance is empty and has no data it in it.  While you're free to explore and add your own, in step 3 below we'll upload sample data.  Proceed to step 2 to install `medic-conf` which is neeed to upload the test data. 

Reviewer: Minor typos:

```suggestion
This CHT instance is empty and has no data in it.  While you're free to explore and add your own data, in step 3 below we'll upload sample data.  Proceed to step 2 to install `medic-conf` which is needed to upload the test data. 
```

<br clear="all">

>  *****

Reviewer: Why is this formatting needed here? Should this become part of the style guide?

Author: I don't know why that's here! I inherited the doc and didn't want to be _too_ invasive with my change.  There's 23 instances of the `<hr />` (aka `*****`) and 62 instances of the `<br clear="all">`.  I say if we want to remove or codify these, we should use another ticket.  Happy to open it if we think that's the way to go!

Reviewer: Yes, let's open another ticket. Thanks!

Author: @abbyad  - [opened ticket here](https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/issues/515)!

> ### 2. Install medic-conf

Reviewer: [Soon cht-conf](https://github.com/medic/medic-conf/pull/407)! I imagine we'll update these all in a separate pass?

Author: Yups - there's 106 other places, so we'll leave 'til later:

```
grep -r "medic-conf" .|wc -l
107
```

*****

### 3. Upload Test Data

By default, the CHT will have the [Maternal & Newborn Health Reference Application]({{< ref "apps/examples/anc" >}}) installed. To upload demo data you can use `medic-conf`:

{{< figure src="test.data.png" link="test.data.png" class="right col-3 col-lg-6" >}}

- Navigate your terminal to the `cht-core/config/default` directory. This is where the reference application is stored.
- Run the following `medic-conf` command to compile and upload default test data to your local instance: 

```shell  
medic-conf --url=https://medic:password@localhost --accept-self-signed-certs csv-to-docs upload-docs`.
```

With the test data uploaded, log back into your CHT instance and note the "Test Health Facility" and related data.

<br clear="all">

 *****

### 4. Create and Upload a Blank Project

> With `medic-conf` you can also create a blank project. This provides you a template from which you can begin working on CHT. Just run:

Reviewer: Might help to be a little clearer and formal on what we are asking them to run, but given that this is a tutorial, it is also probably ok to be less formal.

```suggestion
With `medic-conf` you can also create a blank project. This provides you a template from which you can begin working on CHT. To do so, run the following commands:
```

Once you have run the above command it should complete with the message: `INFO All actions completed.`.

> Note: This will erase the default Maternal & Newborn Health Reference Application.

Reviewer: This should be a nice big NOTE box.

Author: :+1: see 917e774

<br clear="all">

 *****

### 5. Optional: Install Valid TLS Certificate  

{{< figure src="local-ip.TLS.png" link="local-ip.TLS.png" class="right col-6 col-lg-8" >}}

> With the blank project deployed to your CHT instance, you're ready to start writing your first app.  A big part of authoring an app is testing it on a mobile device, likely using the unbranded [Android APK](https://github.com/medic/cht-android).  In order to test in the APK, your CHT instance needs an valid TLS certificate which the default docker versoin does not have.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the blank project deployed to your CHT instance, you're ready to start writing your first app.  A big part of authoring an app is testing it on a mobile device, likely using the unbranded [Android APK](https://github.com/medic/cht-android).  In order to test in the APK, your CHT instance needs a valid TLS certificate which the default docker version does not have.
```

Reviewer: Worth specifying what the Android APK is:

```suggestion
With the blank project deployed to your CHT instance, you're ready to start writing your first app.  A big part of authoring an app is testing it on a mobile device, likely using the unbranded version of [CHT Android](https://github.com/medic/cht-android).  In order to test in the APK, your CHT instance needs a valid TLS certificate which the default docker version does not have.
```

Reviewer: Not seeing a change or response, perhaps it was hidden with the other suggestion?

Author: @abbyad  - hmm - not sure - should be fixed in 610718e

To install a valid certificate, open a terminal in the `cht-core` directory. Ensure the `medic-os` container is running and make this call:

```shell
./scripts/add-local-ip-certs-to-docker.sh
```

> You can see a `curl` call made before and after installing the certificate picture left.  The output of the script looks like this:

Reviewer 2: Can you please rephrase this sentence?
"You can see a `curl` call made before and after installing the certificate **picture left.**"

Author: For sure!  See d5c7f44

```
Debug: Service 'medic-core/nginx' exited with status 143
Info: Service 'medic-core/nginx' restarted successfully
Success: Finished restarting services in package 'medic-core'

If no errors output above, certificates successfully installed.
```

The IP of your computer is used in the URL of the CHT instance now.  For example if your IP is `192.168.68.40` then the CHT URL with a valid TLS certificate is `192-168-68-40.my.local-ip.co`.  See the [local-ip.co](http://local-ip.co/) site to read more about these free to use certificates. 

> When using `medic-conf` you can now drop the use of `--accept-self-signed-certs`. Further, update the URL to be based on your IP.  Using the example IP above, this would be `--url=https://medic:password@192-168-68-40.my.local-ip.co`. As well, you can now use this URL to test in the Android APK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `medic-conf` you can now drop the use of `--accept-self-signed-certs`. Further, update the URL to be based on your IP.  Using the example IP above, this would be `--url=https://medic:password@192-168-68-40.my.local-ip.co`. As well, you can now use this URL to test with the CHT Android app.
```
